Web Development - A Dream
I, Ashish Kumar Saini, had joined Masai School in the starting of this month. Two weeks have completed. I started learning from day one. In two weeks at Masai school, I learned a lot, as well as I, forgot a lot.
 I learned to start a task and to finish it by the deadline and forgot to say yes to fatigue. I learned to wake up early in the morning and forgot to sleep late in the night. I learned, especially, to write code and forgot that I know nothing about coding.
 I learned as well as enjoyed the journey so far at Masai school. Every day in the morning, Nrupul starts scrum and tells the things or task assigned for the day. This helps me to start work in the morning and also helps me to organize the task. Yogesh daily gives some tips which help me a kick to start the day with full mind power and body power. I feel more power to do all the assigned task on time after scrum.
  Quizzes help me in a different way. Solving quizzes improves my understanding of fo the related concept. Live classes especially IWY helps in understanding the concept and building logic at the same time. Live classes also help in clearing doubts as soon as they produce in mind. IAs also are very helpful. My IA is Chandra Shekhar. Whenever I ask a doubt either on slack or in breakout rooms he clears it with a relevant solution. 
Assignment helps to understand how all the element works together by doing it. 
I love the skillathon session. It points out that there are many sectors in which a programmer should be good/excellent. Skillathon session helps me finding the weak points on which I need to work. It also provides various techniques. By following those techniques one can improve weak points as well as build a good habit.
  Stand Up session motivates me to finish the assigned task on time so that I can tell to my IA that Icomletd all assignment.
  The last dose of recorded lecture gives information about the new concepts and also give hint to research on the new thing.
  In two weeks at Masai school, I learned how web pages are made and how they can be styled in different ways. I understand why different web pages look different. I started thinking and working on my soft skills and feeling improvement in it as well.